B. People in the UK are always talking about the weather. In the UK, instead of saying,
hello, people sometimes say, it's a lovely day when the weather is sunny or terrible
weather, isn't it? When it is bad. There are many words to describe the weather, too.
Why is this? Perhaps one of the reasons is that the weather in the UK is always changing.
The UK is made up of a group of islands. The sea separates it from the rest of Europe.
The winds coming from the sea make the weather change all the time. On the same day, it
can be hot and cold, dry and wet, windy and still, so people have to think about the weather
all the time. The changing weather is important for farmers. It is sometimes difficult to plan
when to plant and when to pick fruit and vegetables. Too much rain in July and August is harmful
and costs farmers in the UK a lot of money. But it is not only farmers who pay attention to
the weather. Most British people have gardens and they need to watch the weather carefully
to decide what work to do in them. So, there is a good reason for British people to talk
about the weather. It is a very important part of their lives.